frame_0000000000-frame_0000000128:
The viewer looks down a city street flanked by buildings. To the left, a sidewalk features two pedestrians walking away, a parked black sedan, and a building prominently displaying a large Union Jack flag. The center is occupied by a tarmac road leading into the distance. On the right, a large "Big Bus London" tour bus in the foreground partially obscures a sidewalk and an ornate building with columns, with several parked vehicles and a lamppost visible further down the street under an overcast sky.
end of description
The two pedestrians on the left sidewalk walk further away from the viewer, exiting the frame. Concurrently, the 'Big Bus London' on the right slowly moves forward, revealing more of the ornate building and a white van behind it. A black London taxi on the left then pulls away from the curb and turns left into a side street, while a green van on the right begins to drive forward, making a white police-marked van behind it more visible.
frame_0000000128-frame_0000000256:
The viewer is positioned on a grey asphalt road, looking forward down a city street. To the left, a sidewalk borders a multi-story building with dark lower panels and numerous windows; a black SUV is parked on the road in the midground next to it. On the right, a sidewalk runs alongside a classical stone building, from which a blue flag hangs, with a white police van and part of a green van parked in the foreground, and other vehicles extending into the distance. The street is lined with buildings under an overcast sky.
end of description
As the viewpoint advances down the street, the green van on the far right moves out of frame. The white police van on the right becomes more fully visible before a large white 'Brakes' delivery truck, previously behind it, appears and then also moves out of frame to the right. Concurrently, the black SUV on the left side of the road advances forward and eventually moves out of frame to the left. As the viewer progresses, more parked cars on the right sidewalk, originally further down the street, are revealed and subsequently passed.
